HOMEMADE CRUST

Ingredients

CRUST
-DRY
4 cups flour
1/3 cup sugar
1 1/2 tsp salt
1 1/2 tbsp yeast
(All spice measurements are right out of the jar, but I then grind them up as fine as I can with my bare hands.)
1 tsp basil
1 tsp oregano
1 tsp parsley
1 tsp thyme
1 tsp rosemary
-WET
3 tbsp olive oil
1 1/2 cups warm water


FILLINGS
2 1/2 cups of chopped fake meat
1 1/2 cups mozzarella cheese
1 1/2 cups cheddar cheese
pizza sauce for pizza hot pockets

Instructions

1. Mix all the dry crust stuff.
2. Mix in the oil.
3. Mix in the water.
4. Cover and let rise until doubled in size.

5. Make 8-9" circles of dough.
6. Put stuff in 'em.
7. Fold in half and seal edges.
8. Bake at 450F for 12-15 minutes.
9. Freeze.

To reheat:
Nuke in a paper towel for ~90 seconds, or 120 if your microwave is as old and busted as mine.


https://www.thrillist.com/recipe/nation/homemade-hot-pockets-thrillist-recipes

PEPPERONI PIZZA HOT POCKETS RECIPE
Total Time:  50 minutes  Yield:  6
INGREDIENTS:
I box frozen Pepperidge Farm puff pastry, thawed
3 ounces sliced pepperoni
1 cup (3 ounces) grated mozzarella cheese
½ cup pizza sauce
¾ teaspoon cornstarch
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
½ teaspoon garlic powder
DIRECTIONS:
Unwrap one sheet of puff pastry on a clean work surface. Using a pizza cutter or knife, cut the pastry lengthwise into 3 equal strips (follow the seams as a guide). Cut each strip in half crosswise for a total of 6 equal-sized rectangles. Transfer the rectangles to a parchment-lined baking sheet and repeat with the other pastry sheet.
Combine pepperoni, cheese, pizza sauce, and cornstarch in a medium bowl. Mound 3 tablespoons of the pizza mixture onto 6 rectangles, leaving a ½-inch space along the edges. Brush the edges with beaten egg and top with the rest of the rectangles. Gently press the edges of each pocket to adhere.
Cut small diagonal slits at 1-inch intervals along top of pastries. Brush top and sides of pastry with beaten egg. Sprinkle Italian seasoning and garlic powder on top. Transfer the baking sheet to the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes before baking.
Preheat oven to 425°.
Bake pastries until puffed and light brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool slightly before serving.
To freeze the pockets, allow them to cool completely. Freeze in a single layer on a baking sheet, then transfer to an airtight bag and return to the freezer. To reheat, cover in aluminum foil and warm in a 350°F oven, or cook in the microwave for 3 minutes.
