https://happymoneysaver.com/homemade-hot-pockets-scratch-freezer-friendly/

Homemade hot pockets {Freezer Friendly}
Prep Time 2 hrs
Cook Time 15 mins
Total Time 2 hrs 15 mins
 
Servings: 8
Author: Karrie
Ingredients
4 cups flour
1 1/2 tsp salt
1 1/2 tbsp yeast
3 tbsp olive oil
1 1/2 cups warm water
2 1/2 cups of chopped meat ham or pepperoni
1 1/2 cups mozzarella cheese
1 1/2 cups cheddar cheese
pizza sauce for pizza hot pockets

Instructions

Add flour, salt and yeast to a food processor with the blade attachment. Pulse until well mixed.
Pulse in olive oil.
Turn machine to the on position and while running pour in warm water. Let machine run until dough pulls away from the edges and forms a ball.
Put dough in a greased bowl and cover. Let rise until doubled in size.
Take handfuls of the dough and roll out into a small circle about the size of your hand. Add some cheese and meat and fold the circle of dough over to make a half circle.
Seal the edges and bake on an ungreased cookie sheet at 450 degrees for 12-15 minutes.
To freeze: After baking, wrap in plastic wrap and place in a freezer safe ziploc bag. Freeze for later use.
To reheat from frozen, unwrap plastic wrap, cover in a paper towel and heat for 1 1/2 minutes. After it has been thawed, heat up in microwave for 30-60 seconds.
Recipe Notes
This recipe makes about 8 large hot pockets. If you are using this dough to make pizza, it will make about 2 12 inch pizzas.

https://www.thrillist.com/recipe/nation/homemade-hot-pockets-thrillist-recipes

PEPPERONI PIZZA HOT POCKETS RECIPE
Total Time:  50 minutes  Yield:  6
INGREDIENTS:
I box frozen Pepperidge Farm puff pastry, thawed
3 ounces sliced pepperoni
1 cup (3 ounces) grated mozzarella cheese
½ cup pizza sauce
¾ teaspoon cornstarch
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
½ teaspoon garlic powder
DIRECTIONS:
Unwrap one sheet of puff pastry on a clean work surface. Using a pizza cutter or knife, cut the pastry lengthwise into 3 equal strips (follow the seams as a guide). Cut each strip in half crosswise for a total of 6 equal-sized rectangles. Transfer the rectangles to a parchment-lined baking sheet and repeat with the other pastry sheet.
Combine pepperoni, cheese, pizza sauce, and cornstarch in a medium bowl. Mound 3 tablespoons of the pizza mixture onto 6 rectangles, leaving a ½-inch space along the edges. Brush the edges with beaten egg and top with the rest of the rectangles. Gently press the edges of each pocket to adhere.
Cut small diagonal slits at 1-inch intervals along top of pastries. Brush top and sides of pastry with beaten egg. Sprinkle Italian seasoning and garlic powder on top. Transfer the baking sheet to the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes before baking.
Preheat oven to 425°.
Bake pastries until puffed and light brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool slightly before serving.
To freeze the pockets, allow them to cool completely. Freeze in a single layer on a baking sheet, then transfer to an airtight bag and return to the freezer. To reheat, cover in aluminum foil and warm in a 350°F oven, or cook in the microwave for 3 minutes.
