http://www.spiceupthecurry.com/eggless-gingersnap-cookies-recipe/

Eggless gingersnap cookies recipe

Ingredients (1 cup = 240 ml)

1 cup All purpose flour (Maida) 1⁄2 teaspoon Baking soda
1/2 teaspoon Baking powder
3/4 teaspoon Ground ginger
1/2 teaspoon Ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon Freshly grated nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon Ground cloves
1/4 teaspoon Salt
1/2 stick or 1/4 cup Unsalted butter softened at room temperature 1⁄4 cup White granulated sugar
2 tablespoons Light brown sugar packed
1/4 cup Unsulphured molasses
1/2 tablespoon Water
2 tablespoons White granulated sugar to coat unbaked cookies

Instructions

Making the cookie dough:

1. Take dry ingredients (all purpose flour, baking soda, baking powder, ground ginger, ground cinnamon, ground cloves, grated nutmeg and salt) in a bowl.
2. Whisk it well till everything is mixed properly.
3. Now take softened butter, and both sugar in a bowl. Beat it till it gets light and fluffy.
4. Now add molasses and water. Beat it again till well combined.
5. Now add flour mixture. Start beating it and halfway through switch to spatula, if doing this by hand.
6. Mix it till everything is mixed. The dough is soft and sticky, so chill in the fridge for 25-30 minutes. (if in a rush them freeze it for 15 minutes.)

Making eggless gingersnap cookies recipe:

1. now preheat the oven to 350 degrees F or 180 degrees C for at least 10 minutes.
2. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or wax paper or lightly grease it with butter. Or spray with nonstick cooking spray.
3. Also take couple of tablespoons of white sugar in a plate.
4. Remove the chilled dough and start making a tablespoon size of balls.
5. Roll into sugar and coat all the sides.
6. Arrange them on cookie sheet few inches apart. They will spread, so make sure to keep the distance of at least 2 inches between two cookies.
7. Bake into preheated oven for 12-14 minutes. As you remove it from the oven, you will notice the cookies have puffed up slightly.
8. But as it cools, it will deflate and it is perfectly fine.
9. Let the cookies cool in a sheet for 5-7 minutes.
10. Then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely
